# Personal Projects

## Building my own computer

Over the summer between my junior and senior years of high school, I decided I wanted to create a more advanced simulation system for my robotics team, the Sonic Squirrels. However, the desktop I had at the time did not have the processing power required. Specifically, it did not have a modern Nvidia GPU.
<br>

Over the summer, I did work for my neighbor, and was a teaching assistant at a robotics summer camp. Through this, I saved up enough money to purchase an RTX 4070 GPU, an Intel 12th gen i9 CPU, 64 GBs of DDR5 RAM, and all the other required parts to build a computer. I followed a [Linus Tech Tips tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1fxZ-VWs2U), and built the whole thing by myself!

## Nvidia Omniverse Simulation

Once I had a desktop powerful enough to handle the Nvidia Omniverse software I was planning on using, I downloaded the software and got to work. I chose Nvidia Omniverse Isaac Sim because it is widely used in the industry for robotics simulation, it has very advanced physics simulation, and it uses ray-tracing to create photorealistic scenes that can be used for camera simulation. Here is a video demonstrating the technology:

<iframe style="width: 100%; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; border: 0;"
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VW-dOMBFj7o" 
        title="YouTube video player" 
        frameborder="0" 
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
        allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

The idea was that teams could upload their robot designs to this software and do prototyping, software testing, strategy testing, and even drive practice all without the need to have the robot mechanically built or bring it to an expensive practice field. Students could even do simulation outside of team meetings. As a bonus, the software works with OpenXR, so I can put my VR headset on and view the simulation in 3D.
<br>

Though I ran into many hurdles along the way with getting the physics materials right, rigging the robot, and running into random errors on the backend of the software, I was able to make a lot of progress. I got our 2024 robot driving around and interacting with game pieces!

<iframe style="width: 100%; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; border: 0;"
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0IS3oFON2tY" 
        title="YouTube video player" 
        frameborder="0" 
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
        allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

Once Senior year of high school started getting busy, I stopped developing the software. However, my freshman year of high school, I continued making progress. I even simulated 2910's robot from 2025.

<iframe style="width: 100%; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; border: 0;"
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dcA_4F7KBMU" 
        title="YouTube video player" 
        frameborder="0" 
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
        allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

This project is still a massive work in progress, but I have high hopes for it.

## Calculus Snake

For a Calculus BC project, we were tasked with making calculus games. There weren't specifications on what the game should look like, so I decided to make a multiplayer online game called [Calculus Snake](https://github.com/CodeCreator3/Calculus-Snake). The idea is that a teacher can host a game online, then students can join. Each student gets their own snake. They can move their snake by answering calculus problems correctly. The goal is to be the longest snake by the end of the game. We played it in class and it was a lot of fun!

## LearnIt

Artificial Intelligence has always fascinated me. It has always felt like it should be science fiction for a machine to sound so human and think in such dynamic ways. I like watching [Y Combinator](https://www.youtube.com/@ycombinator) videos and learning about how people are starting huge companies using emerging technology. I thought I would give creating an AI application a wack and created [LearnIt](https://github.com/CodeCreator3/LearnIt). 
<br>

LearnIt was designed to be similar to Brilliant and Khan Academy in how it provides online education in a fun and interactive format. However, the major difference with LearnIt is that the content would be generated by AI. This way, the AI can adapt content and lessons to the learning style and pace of the user. Additionally, the user can ask any question and learn anything from the AI.
<br>

The project only ever got to initial stages before I got busy with college coursework, but I was able to get it to a point where a user could input the name of a college course, and the AI would generate a thumbnail, units, sections, content, and practice problems. There was even a progress bar to indicate the AI's progress on generating the content.